Karol Small Knight title missable (#5)
hueyyeng/VesperiaGuide: docs/missables.md

- [ ] In Capua Torim, talk to the Sailor near the slide. Patty will learn __Critical Moment__ (PS3 and Definitive Edition)
- [ ] Enter Capua Torim from the western entrance/exit for Karol to learn __Rending Drop__ (One Night Training)
- [ ] In Caer Bocram, go north then go west all the way to fight Clint. You will get the __Letter of Challenge (H. Blades) 2__ (PS3 and Definitive Edition)
- [ ] With the Letter of Challenge (H. Blades) 2 and if you have cleared __Tag Team Tournament - Challenger__ at the Arena, you will unlock __Tag Team Tournament - Hero__.  

> Clear __Tag Team Tournament - Hero__ "**Without**" Karol in the party, you MUST not fight it at all with Karol in the party until you have done this, make a save before doing this fight. When you defeat the challenge you should be awarded Karol's Small Knight title. If you do this fight even once with Karol in the parry, you will not be able to obtain the title on this playthru unless you can go back to an older save. If you don't have Karol and Raven in the Active Party, you will fight them in __Tag Team Tournament - Hero__  (PS3 and Definitive Edition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clear __Tag Team Tournament - Hero__ "**Without**" Karol in the party, you MUST perform this tournament with Karol in the party. Make sure to save before entering the tournament. After clearing the tournament, you should be awarded Karol's Small Knight title. If you do this fight even once with Karol in the party, you will not be able to obtain the title on this playthrough unless you load an older save files. If you don't have Karol and Raven in the Active Party, you will fight them in __Tag Team Tournament - Hero__ (PS3 and Definitive Edition)
```

Reviewer: Minor grammar and typo fix but I'll handle that in a new commit.
